Use Varnish in a monorepo (#353)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/administrate/cache.md

We provide some [examples of Varnish configuration files](https://GitHub.com/CleverCloud/varnish-examples) that you can
use for your application. Create a `/clevercloud` folder at the root of your application if it does not exist,
rename the file to `varnish.vcl` and move it in the `/clevercloud` folder.

## Varnish with a monorepo

If you use a monorepo, you may want to use Varnish for only some of the applications inside it.  
If you have a `/clevercloud/varnish.vcl` file at the root of your monorepo, all of your applications automatically start using Varnish.

To resolve this issue, you can create a symlink during the deployments.  

> First, you need to put your `varnish.vcl` file anywhere but at the root of your monorepo.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Put your `varnish.vcl` file anywhere but at the root of your monorepo.  
```

> Then, you need to create a symlink inside a `CC_PRE_RUN_HOOK`.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, you need to create a symlink inside a `CC_PRE_BUILD_HOOK`.  
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think of any reason to do it on `PRE_RUN` so best practice to do it on `PRE_BUILD` instead

Is there any reason you put it on `PRE_RUN` ?

> Then, you need to create a symlink inside a `CC_PRE_BUILD_HOOK`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a symlink inside a `CC_PRE_BUILD_HOOK`.
  
```

Here is an example :

```bash

> CC_PRE_RUN_HOOK="mkdir $APP_HOME/clevercloud; ln -s $APP_HOME/path/to/your/file/varnish.vcl $APP_HOME/clevercloud/varnish.vcl"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CC_PRE_BUILD_HOOK="mkdir $APP_HOME/clevercloud; ln -s $APP_HOME/path/to/your/file/varnish.vcl $APP_HOME/clevercloud/varnish.vcl"
```

```

> This way, you only need to add the `CC_PRE_RUN_HOOK` when you want your app to use Varnish. If you don't, the application won't use it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This way, you only need to add the `CC_PRE_BUILD_HOOK` when you want your app to use Varnish. If you don't, the application won't use it.
```

> This way, you only need to add the `CC_PRE_BUILD_HOOK` when you want your app to use Varnish. If you don't, the application won't use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then add the `CC_PRE_BUILD_HOOK` in the variables of the app that needs to use Varnish. If you don't add this variable, the application won't use it.
```

It doesn't seem clear to me how you would handle the monorepo deployment. Many readers might think that the whole monoprepo containing several apps will run on a single runtime and might not understand  the variable instruction.

It looks like you are thinking about deploying a monorepo divided in several runtimes, using the variable `APP_FOLDER`, it that right?

Author: This is indeed the case where someone has multiple app, sometime on different runtime and use `APP_FOLDER` to decide which app should be used.
For exemple, if a user has three different app in his monorepo, but only one need to use varnish, he needs to select that app with `APP_FOLDER` and follow the instructions in this PR.

If there was a variables like `CC_ENABLE_VARNISH=true`, the problem would be easily resolved. But right now, there is not a lot of way around that problem.
